my name is Warren R Schmidt I am 66
years old and recently retired Helen and
I have been married 42 years don't
dilly-dally lately I find myself asking
the same question who is this old woman
who lives in my house but then there's
Jamie she's our only recently she got
engaged I think she could have done a
heck of a lot better it's not a pyramid
scheme a lot of people think it's a
pyramid scheme but it's not people used
to raise their eyebrows because I
breastfed him until he was almost five
and I say no you just look at the
results my father didn't think so much
of you at first
Jeanie I see you you're coming now don't
tell me you could use a little extra
help with all those wedding arrangements
life is short and I can't afford to
waste another minute many pictures I
might have one of George Washington dr.
welcome our guests can't we just enjoy
our food I just wanted to acknowledge
that we're gathered together as a family
for the very first time
I know what I want and I know what I've
got to do what's up you're making a big
mistake look at these people all of a
sudden you're taking an interest in what
I do I know we're all pretty small on
the big scheme of things and I suppose
the most you can hope for us to make
some kind of difference but what kind of
difference have I made
Lauren what is the matter okay it still
seems pretty weird for this to be
happening today I have these left over
from my hysterectomy they've expired but
I think it's okay mr. Schmidt's
will have a seat right there all right
mr. Smith mr. Schmidt